or that of the world to whom I whine
again reb and to create it is about
mod
Sanchez Jesus mod super funny and
sure you're going to like a lot is going to
add a single craft or a single object
and what is going to be a chest that is going to
Keep collecting the things that you have
the soil is going to be a kind of
rumba type vacuum so
I will quickly explain how
craft how we will be able to use it and
then I will teach you how to install the mortals
so quickly we're going to start
see and these here are going to be the
cracking this is going to be the crafter or
final the sugar inches is worth
the first thing first of all we go
to have to create the head that is going to
do this way with green wool
sand a skeleton wii head no
so you see we're going to have to go
to the neder and black wool to make the
body part of the body we are going to have
than to use black wool and a
very well once we have these two
objects we will be able to create half
upper body that is going to be this
so you see it is very easy going
to be able to do also our legs and
the feet to do the legs again
black wool white wool and for the feet
black wool and white wool so with
these other two objects we will be able to
make us the lower part of the body
it's worth this way so once
created these two these two parts we
we can tinker solar inches that
will do in this way the part
upper a chest and the lower part
very well as you see already puts here is nike
mag raid more right click to pick it up
and it tells us that it collects absorbs the
objects as one as a robot vacuum cleaner
rumba and it tells us holy craft and
supply and so nothing once you
we have it fretted we come here and
to place it right click you see
look what monkey and in addition to miniature
what is going to do is going to continue
Wherever we go, it's worth for a kid if
we are throwing things or we are
they are falling worth for example
make that little noise and pick it up like that
that if we now right click on
he opened it and has a space of two
chests to be like a double chest and
you see we would have both of ccoo
they are here super handsome you see how we
is following the for let's throw him
a couple of objects better
I 'm picking up I'm picking everything up
everything we can throw or everything that
is going to find if we are breaking
the soil to go picking up seeds
falls and finds them also going to
pick up so good
He is very handsome and the little sound he makes
already
so ideally so to have it
inside our house so if they go away
falling things when we grow some
so, what he will do will be
automatically pick us up as you see
how is it going to serve us so we look for
here and it's going to albert sharing you see
its speed but gradually it will
cleaning that more useful things has going
to be able to raise heights very important so
that if we come here it's going to come
following ok let's throw here already
another solar inches and you see we've
decided without any problem and get off
It's also going to be able to go down, you can see how
it has automatically gone through here and goes
coming
so we have a super robot vacuum cleaner
smart and also good in this case
it also reports a little bit so
that 's super handsome we come right click
the escape and as we see we have everything
collected that for some reason what
we want to pick up we want to go to the
mine or anything and we do not want that
follow us we make shift
Right click as he told us and we were
pick up vale we take it off the ground and what
We can store in any chest if
I want we could come and leave here and
if you notice, we are saving a
double chest inside another chest is worth
say all the objects that we had
stored is here inside if now what
we return to place right click you see that
we have everything inside kids is a
gone like now I'm playing and
creative this has been bent but good
you see that it is super cool super cool
You can also take them to
the mine or that while we are going
then he will pick up the things that are
we fall or if we do not have more space
he will pick them up by the way
that has a little life too
to be able to kill us we're going too
to be able to kill is worth it now if I put
here a sword because we can give that
although it gives a little bit of pity today what
poor to see if we kill him and as you can see
they lose the objects so have
be careful not to hit him jce you are worth
let's consider how quickly to
that you see that it works where you are here
kraft table eo let's put it
and we're going to put part of the bottom part of
up and we would have it here so
see what I put in guys and now for
that you see the difference in size
I'm going to put there that I'm wrong
guys now yes between 5 and we give you a look
what nice hello hello kids so nothing
with this I'm going to say goodbye I hope you
have liked this mode is that it is very
very handsome the mod
suar inches is a kind of robot
vacuum cleaner so nothing kids I'm going to
happen now we explain how it is installed and
nothing I hope you enjoy it guys
So far to install the show in
chest we are going to need forge and as
says a tutorial I leave the link
top left of how to install
forge and once installed we will have
that download the engine that I leave the
describes in the description of the video the
link to the official page so once
done this we are going to come to start and
let's write app data percentage
percentage we're going to go to the folder
minecraft and here there will be another folder
call mod
where are we going to have to copy this mode
soarin chest very well we would have it
installed so let's execute
minecraft we select the profile of
forge and we give to play single player
create new creative world creates very well
we are here we have just been created
our world we will give to the letter
e and we are going to search and we are going to
give a clarion here and as you see we appear
all the components so we're going to
catch one of the ones that is finished
guarín chest and we will place it well
you see how it follows us so if now
we are collecting blocks for example
this one and there
and scholarships of the talk also a little bit of
this jay clear that he was looking at the uncle
handsome, he works for me so that the little guy
see for here and then nothing like
You see it works correctly if we do
now right click on it we have what
that we just launched the block of
grass the block of wood and snow
so we can say that it has
installed correctly and also look
what wizard is it so nothing guys I hope
that you liked this mod
I hope you enjoy it I will pick it up
ok I hope you enjoy it as you
I say I hope to see you for the server luck
in the contest and nothing see you tomorrow
that there will be chapter of the motorcycle series
so nothing kids until then